The specific courses that I would recommend in college, basically anything
engineering-ish. So before I joined the nuclear Navy, I took some
community classes to kind of, prepare myself. I took conceptual physics
because I had never taking physics before, and I took precalculus
math because I know I would be learning calculus concepts later
on. But whatever your level is, maybe you're not calculus ready yet,
just take your bottom math and even though you weren't good at it
before you know, it's kind of important. So bust out your high school
skills, bust out your homework doing skills, and try to take on a
mathematical class. Even if you have to repeat one, even though you
did it in high school, try to do it over again if that's not your strong
suit. Any science class could or could not, so you might not be
using chemistry so much, so you can probably skip that unless you have
some kind of chemical intensive job, but physics is a good one.
I've seen many physics concepts in all of my engineering jobs that's
computer science that's nuclear technology. Math, all the math that
you can, as high as you can, up to differential equations. So that
includes pre calculus math, calculus math, discrete math, differential
equations, basically all the undergrad college level courses that
you can take. If you take them in high school that's even better. And
I think those are the two main ones, physics and all the math.